Isn’t your favorite man named Jiang the most fond of Manchus?
Then you call him and ask him to come and satisfy me? Yes!
We don’t know how to speak
Wait, if you were Brother Jiang, I would call him right now
How can he satisfy you? Hello
Brother Jiang, I am a Duguo couple
There's a guy here who has money.
Are you here with your two babies?
You said if you came
He'll kill you just for the sake of waiting.
Brother Jiang will be here soon
I think you don’t know how you got the title Demon King?
So you are saying that the heaven and earth were smashed five years ago?
According to the plan, one person will be chopped thirty times and the others will be killed with a hundred cuts.
The world calls him "I know how powerful Brother Jiang is"
How dare you sit at this table
When he comes you will know why I dare
He had no choice but to let him go if he destroyed mine.
Don't worry who he is
I have to make him pay for it
Who the hell wants to kill me?
Brother, you are here